Whatever is worth doing is worth doing well.　　任何值得做的，就把它做好。
Happiness is a way station between too much and too little. 幸福是太多和太少之间的一站。
In love folly is always sweet.恋爱中，干傻事总是让人感到十分美妙。
The hard part isn’t making the decision. It’s living with it. 　　做出决定并不困难，困难的是接受决定。
Your happy passer-by all knows, my distressed there is no place hides.　　你的幸福路人皆知，我的狼狈无处遁形。
You may be out of my sight, but never out of my mind.　　你也许已走出我的视线，但从未走出我的思念。
Love is not a maybe thing. You know when you love someone.　　爱不是什么可能、大概、也许，一旦爱上了，自己是十分清楚的。
In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.　　到头来，你活了多少岁不算什么，重要的是，你是如何度过这些岁月的。
When the whole world is about to rain, let’s make it clear in our heart together.　　当全世界约好一起下雨，让我们约好一起在心里放晴。
It’s better to be alone than to be with someone you’re not happy to be with.　　宁愿一个人呆着，（经典语句  www.lz13.cn）也不要跟不合拍的人呆一块。
Life is a journey, not the destination, but the scenery along the should be and the mood at the view.　　人生就是一场旅行，不在乎目的地，在乎的应该是沿途的风景以及看风景的心情。
Time goes by so fast, people go in and out of your life. You must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to 时间在流逝，生命中人来人往。不要错失机会，告诉他们在你生命中的意义。
I lied when I said I didn’t like you. I lied when I said I didn’t care. I lie every time I try to tell myself I will never fall for you.　　我说不爱你，那是假话；我说不在乎，那是假话；我告诉自己对你再不会有感觉了，那也是假话。
One needs 3 things to be truly happy living in the world: some thing to do, some one to love, some thing to hope for.　　要得到真正的快乐，我们只需拥有三样东西：有想做的事，有值得爱的人，有美丽的梦。
No matter how bad your heart has been broken, the world doesn’t stop for your grief. The sun comes right back up the next day.　　不管你有多痛苦，这个世界都不会为你停止转动。太阳依旧照样升起。
Accept what was and what is, and you’ll have more positive energy to pursue what will be.　　接受过去和现在的模样，才会有能量去追寻自己的未来。
Until you make peace with who you are, you’ll never be content with what you have.　　除非你能和真实的自己和平相处，否则你永远不会对已拥有的东西感到满足。
If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth. －Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.　　要想射中靶，必须瞄准比靶略为高些，因为脱弦之箭都受到地心引力的影响。
If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend, experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry.　　如果你希望成功，当以恒心为良友、以经验为参谋、以谨慎为兄弟、以希望为哨兵。
I’ll think of you every step of the way.　　我会想你，在漫漫长路的每一步。
Great minds have purpose, others have wishes.　　杰出的人有着目标，其他人只有愿望。
Being single is better than being in an unfaithful relationship.　　比起谈着充满欺骗的恋爱，单身反而更好。
If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn’t lead anywhere.　　太容易的路，可能根本就不能带你去任何地方。
Getting out of bed in winter is one of life’s hardest mission.　　冬天，将自己从被窝里掏出来，是人生最难的任务之一了。
The future is scary but you can’t just run to the past cause it’s familiar.　　未来会让人心生畏惧，但是我们却不能因为习惯了过去，就逃回过去。
I love it when I catch you looking at me then you smile and look away.　　我喜欢这样的时刻：我抓到你正在看我，你笑了，然后害羞地别过脸去。
Having a calm smile to face with being disdained indicates kind of confidence.　　被轻蔑的时候能平静的一笑，这是一种自信。
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.　　成功是，你即使跨过一个又一个失敗，但也沒有失去热情。
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.　　并不是你面对了，任何事情都能改变。但是，如果你不肯面对，那什么也变不了。
A guy who whispers in your ears, saying ” It’s alright, I’m here.” Holds you when you’re sad, and treasures everything about you. That’s the guy I want to give my heart to.　　那个人会在耳边轻声说：没事，我在这。在你悲伤时给你依靠，与你相关的，他都珍视。有这样的人，我爱定了。
Dream what you want to dream; go where you want to go; be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do.　　做你想做的梦吧，去你想去的地方吧，成为你想成为的人吧，因为你只有一次生命，一个机会去做所有那些你想做的事。
We all have moments of desperation. But if we can face them head on, that’s when we find out just how strong we really are.　　我们都有绝望的时候，只有在勇敢面对时，我们才知道我们有多坚强。
If they throw stones at you, don’t throw back, use them to build your own foundation instead.　　如果别人朝你扔石头，就不要扔回去了，留着作你建高楼的基石。
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.　　如果你的快乐与否取决于别人做了什么，我想，你真的有点问题。
When there’s no expectation, losing won’t bring hurt, gaining makes you surprised.　　不去期望。失去了不会伤心，得到了便是惊喜。
Sometimes your plans don’t work out because God has better ones.　　有时候，你的计划不奏效，是因为上天有更好的安排。
How much truth of heart in one’s life is told in a joke?　　一辈子，有多少真心话，是以玩笑的方式说了出去？
A relationship should be between two people, not the whole world.　　爱情是两个人的事，与旁人无关。
You can’t have a better tomorrow if you don’t stop thinking about yesterday.　　如果你无法忘掉昨天，就不会有一个更好的明天。
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.　　今天，给一个陌生人送上你的微笑吧。很可能，这是他一天中见到的唯一的阳光