Whatever is worth doing is worth doing well.　　
Happiness is a way station between too much and too little. 
In love folly is always sweet.
The hard part isn’t making the decision. It’s living with it. 　　
Your happy passer-by all knows, my distressed there is no place hides.　　
You may be out of my sight, but never out of my mind.　　
Love is not a maybe thing. You know when you love someone.　　
In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.　　
When the whole world is about to rain, let’s make it clear in our heart together.　　
It’s better to be alone than to be with someone you’re not happy to be with.　　  www.lz13.cn
Life is a journey, not the destination, but the scenery along the should be and the mood at the view.　　
Time goes by so fast, people go in and out of your life. You must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to 
I lied when I said I didn’t like you. I lied when I said I didn’t care. I lie every time I try to tell myself I will never fall for you.　　
One needs 3 things to be truly happy living in the world: some thing to do, some one to love, some thing to hope for.　　
No matter how bad your heart has been broken, the world doesn’t stop for your grief. The sun comes right back up the next day.　　
Accept what was and what is, and you’ll have more positive energy to pursue what will be.　　
Until you make peace with who you are, you’ll never be content with what you have.　　
If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth. －Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.　　
If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend, experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry.　　
I’ll think of you every step of the way.　　
Great minds have purpose, others have wishes.　　
Being single is better than being in an unfaithful relationship.　　
If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn’t lead anywhere.　　
Getting out of bed in winter is one of life’s hardest mission.　　
The future is scary but you can’t just run to the past cause it’s familiar.　　
I love it when I catch you looking at me then you smile and look away.　　
Having a calm smile to face with being disdained indicates kind of confidence.　　
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.　　
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.　　
A guy who whispers in your ears, saying  It’s alright, I’m here. Holds you when you’re sad, and treasures everything about you. That’s the guy I want to give my heart to.　　
Dream what you want to dream; go where you want to go; be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do.　　
We all have moments of desperation. But if we can face them head on, that’s when we find out just how strong we really are.　　
If they throw stones at you, don’t throw back, use them to build your own foundation instead.　　
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.　　
When there’s no expectation, losing won’t bring hurt, gaining makes you surprised.　　
Sometimes your plans don’t work out because God has better ones.　　
How much truth of heart in one’s life is told in a joke?　　
A relationship should be between two people, not the whole world.　　
You can’t have a better tomorrow if you don’t stop thinking about yesterday.　　
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.　　